real quick i want to point out hey
repsion thanks for calling the police on
me
and making a false child pornography
claim
that was real cash money of you when
these images were posted on twitter by
this ex-fan of mine the police were
contacted and the police
contacted his school got his parents
information and got their address and
the police drove out to his actual
residence and spoke to this minor he
posted
or i posted a an image that's a
screenshot of
maya playing with herself in one of her
many cam girl streams that she streamed
herself
from when the year 2016 when she was
either 19 or 20
and there's a date on it and everything
and then she randomly gets in a discord
call with me and lauren
and she screams at the top of her lungs
about how she was only 15 in that photo
i asked repsion why the police did
nothing to colton before
because he had reported him to the
police before and rebellion's answer was
that
it was because he was a minor i don't
see how a minor exempts him from
anything here
i also told reption that simply because
you report someone to the police
does not mean that they're guilty
rapture of all people should know that
very well
so i don't understand how he wanted me
to accept that just because
they found the police report or he got
an attorney
that makes colton guilty i made a video
not too long ago it's titled the lies
and hypocrisy
of repsion and maya and the thing is
when i made that video i had a lot more
that i could have shown you guys but my
goal was not to go after repsion or maya
i simply wanted to show
that they accused this kid without
evidence
they made him believe that he did
something that he really didn't do
and ever since i made that video both
remzion and maya have come up with lie
after life
because i was not gonna stand by and
watch bigger youtubers use their
platform
to bully and intimidate a 16 year old
child
simply because he doesn't have the same
platform to speak up against them
does everyone just believe everything
people say without any evidence
[ __ ] okay let's get into this funny how
repsion's bitching about harassment but
his fans are doing that to me
and also real quick when he says i'm
harassing them i'm sending them messages
like this
i'm not trying to harass you i want it
but that's [ __ ] harassment right just
wanting to have a conversation
[ __ ] [ __ ] and then he's trying to
go with the whole uh child pornography
thing
maya was born in 1997 proven by this
random abortion document she randomly
sent to me
that'll come in handy later that she
randomly sent me so she sends people's
random [ __ ] that's incriminating
we weren't even talking about that or
anything so she was born 1997. the
watermark
is right here from the picture 2016. and
it was from
it was like the skype screen share that
was streamed live to
um to a cam girl site if you search this
name cute sarah benz on google you'll
find her images and streams everywhere
it's not private t97 to 2016. computer
volume 10
computer what's 2016-1997
2016-1997 is 19.
19. look at that and uh the da the dms
that daniel uh
screenshots you know the ones that he
showed with phoenix saying how he's
gonna relapse
that has nothing to do with the dead
grandfather picture not a single thing
it's a completely unrelated event of way
earlier from when
maya cheated on him got pregnant with
her sugar daddy
and then daniel made her get an abortion
and here's the planned parenthood i
cropped it so it doesn't reveal too much
the names have been changed to protect
the innocent there's proof that maya
sent to me herself
in discord and so that's what he was
saying he was going to relapse about
but in his video he took those
screenshots out of context
and claimed that they were actually
about him
you know oh i can't believe you did this
you were my friends and then after this
they see
oh [ __ ] he's in an abusive relationship
what actually which because you know he
daniel showed certain parts of emails
they were trying to expose maya
that's why the headline was about maya
not daniel it just says ruxian because
it'd get his attention
and so they tried to get onision to
expose maya
which i don't know why they trust
onision he's a [ __ ] nut job but
it's like a last-ditch effort to try and
get the truth out of hey reption's in
this abusive relationship he
people should be aware that she like
gets
healthier because she spends all his
[ __ ] money and she's a cam girl and
i'll get into that in a minute then he
says my tweets to colton in november of
2019 are still
up responding to him asking him to stop
posting these photos
by posting it he means sending people
who wanted to see
proof of it uh a link to the google
drive folder in which the photo was
and i admit i should i've admitted this
many times i do wish i censored it
before
so if you go into the drive folder now
it's now censored
even though it's a public [ __ ] image
repsion also never asked me to stop
the first thing he said about me this is
the first time he made the false
cp allegations and then right under that
he says i've already contacted
authorities so he didn't ask me to stop
the police were contacted and the police
contacted his school
got his parents information and got
their address and the police drove out
to his actual residence
and spoke to this miner the officer
contacted the school administration in
order to find the parent's home address
and spoke to his parent
that's so [ __ ] sick that's so vile
having the police call my school and my
parents
from this false accusation repsyon says
the consequences could have been far
worse had i pursued it more but he's
just a kid i'm such a sweetheart
i went easy on it like [ __ ] you you did
nobody a favor
remember when maya randomly sent me the
abortion document unprompted
well that comes in handy now because
she revealed about a year ago in may
that
she found repsion when she was 12 and he
was 17.
and she damned him confessing her love
for him
and that he said [ __ ] off and come back
when you're 17.
he told a 12 year old to come back
when she was old enough i get that this
looks all right at first
because you're just saying like okay i
need to wait till you're older but
you're you're telling a 12 year old to
come back later
you ended up dating that 12 year old and
if you saw the one tweet that repsion
retweeted by someone named cyclone
then you should watch my rant on him up
here in the info card to show how
reliable of a source he really is
spoiler not that reliable because yeah
most if not all of what he says about me
was false in that tweet
so i'm not going to cover it but the one
thing i do want to mention is him
calling me a cuck
i think that's a trigger word for
repsion seeing as he got cheated on by
maya multiple times with the sugar daddy
and she laughed at him maniacally about
how it was in his child that she had to
get an abortion for
so
[Music]
this
if you're 26 imagine audience you're 26
or
or older and you think oh this 16 year
old's exposing me for
uh hiding all the shitty things that my
girlfriend did and acting as if
uh it's these two people who were
looking out for me let's accuse him of
posting
child porn of her and call the police
how [ __ ] in the head you have to be to
do that please
make a video or some post or something
telling people that i don't even care if
you tell them that i'm not a
pedophile or that i didn't post child
pornography because yeah he also called
the cops on me so that was nice i had to
talk to them about it
you know how [ __ ] vile that is you
know how evil you are
that could have those allegations people
still believe that
there are still people old friends of
mine
who believe that i posted child porn
because you're that [ __ ] evil
you could have ruined my life with that
you still could if people hear this
and actually believe it my life will be
ruined do you understand that